Pong Plan:
Requirement objects and game mecanics:
* Should have a field where the ball should roll (done)
* Should have a singular sphere ball which will travel through the table (done)
* Should have two square cushions on each side of the field 
* Should have two Rackets to represent the players
* Should provide an option for single or two players

About the Field object:
1. Should be green (done)
2. Should show a white (maybe dotted) line separating each half of the field 
3. The length should be twice the width

About the Ball object:
1. Should be positioned initially at a random point in the middle of the field
2. Should have an initial speed, which will slightly increase when the ball hits the cushions
3. The ball should bounce in case it hits the sides of the field
4. Make sure that the ball stays aways inside the field 

About the Cushion object:
1. It should have an slightly darker color compared to the field
2. Should be positioned on the extreme edges on the sides of the field
3. When the Ball hits one of the Cushions its speed should increase
4. Optionally test different solutions for collisions physics

About the Rackets object:
1. They're movement should be defined by player button events
2. One red Racket for player 1 and a Blue Racket for player 2
3. When the Ball hits one of the Rackets its' speed should increase
4. Optionally test different solutions for collisions physics


Game Modes:
Single Player -> Only one Racket is created and a Cushion is positioned where player 2 should be
Double Player -> Two Rackets are created and a new canvas with a new Camera and a new renderer should be created for player 2.

Project Plan:
1. Create the Field object following the specifications
2. Create the Cushion objects and bind them to the field.
3. Cushions should have a function to identify their position and give the other objects some feedback in case of collisions
4. Create the Sphere Object and bind it to the field
5. Test positioning the Sphere in multiple random places at the center of the field
6. Test bouncing the ball between the two sides of the field in order to verify the cushions
7. Add the Racket object and give it a simillar function as the cushions for bouncing
8. Add to the Racket button events in order to controll it
9. Add a second Racket and test it with one canvas
10. Add a new canvas which should share the game scoope
11. Test all functionalities of the game based on the requirements
